Virtual environments isolate your Python project and prevent conflicts with the system environment. This is the recommended approach.
	1.	Create a Virtual Environment:
        python3 -m venv venv

    2.	Activate the Virtual Environment:
        source venv/bin/activate

    3.	Install Packages Inside the Virtual Environment:
        pip install fastapi uvicorn motor pymongo

    4.	Deactivate the Virtual Environment When Done:
        deactivate

------------------

1. Add a connection IP address
Your current IP address (45.239.64.119) has been added to enable local connectivity. Only an IP address you add to your Access List will be able to connect to your project's clusters. Add more later in Network Access.

2. Create a database user
This first user will have atlasAdmin  permissions for this project.

We autogenerated a username and password. You can use this or create your own.

You'll need your database user's credentials in the next step. Copy the database user password.

Username: stvn20
Password: fEtcVVCQF3LpGumM


------------------

Connecting with MongoDB for VS Code
1. Install MongoDB for VS Code.
In VS Code, open "Extensions" in the left navigation and search for "MongoDB for VS Code." Select the extension and click install.
2. In VS Code, open the Command Palette.
Click on "View" and open "Command Palette."
Search "MongoDB: Connect" on the Command Palette and click on "Connect with Connection String."
3. Connect to your MongoDB deployment.
Paste your connection string into the Command Palette.

Show Password
mongodb+srv://stvn20:fEtcVVCQF3LpGumM@cluster0.hklgm.mongodb.net/

The password for stvn20 is included in the connection string for your first time setup. This password will not be available again after exiting this connect flow.
4. Click “Create New Playground” in MongoDB for VS Code to get started.

------------------

Step 6: Test the API

Run the FastAPI application and test the endpoints.
	1.	Start the Server:
        uvicorn app.main:app --reload